Add pod index label docs for KEP-4017 (#42059)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

the Pod. This label allows you to attach a Service to a specific Pod in
the StatefulSet.

> ### Pod Index Label

Author: done

> ### Pod Index Label

Author: done

the Pod. This label allows you to attach a Service to a specific Pod in
the StatefulSet.

### Pod Index Label

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.28" state="beta" >}}

When the StatefulSet {{<glossary_tooltip text="controller" term_id="controller">}} creates a Pod,

> it adds a label, `apps.kubernetes.io/pod-index`, that is set to the ordinal index of

Reviewer: Avoid a risk that people infer “it” to be ”the new Pod” here.
```suggestion
the new Pod is labelled with `apps.kubernetes.io/pod-index`. The value of this label is the ordinal index of
```

Reviewer: I unresolved this conversation as my concern stands.

Author: sorry about that I thought I hit "commit suggestion" already but I guess not. Thanks!
